README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <h1>📖 Doctors-Appoinment-Backend</h>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 Doctors Appoinment Backend ](#-doctors-appoinment-backend-)
  - [🚀 Frontend App ](#-frontend-app-)
  - [🚀 Kanban Board ](#-kanban-board-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [🚀 Live Demo ](#-live-demo-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Usage](#usage)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Doctors Appoinment Backend <a name="about-project"></a>

**[Doctors Appoinment Backend]** is a the backend part of a web application project that allows users to book appointments with doctors.

## Frontend App <a name="front-end"></a>
- [Click here to navigate to the Backend](https://github.com/adarachel/doctors-appointment-frontend)

## 🚀 Kanban Board <a name="kanban-board"></a>
- [Kanban Board ](https://github.com/Enning94/Doctors_Appointment_Backend/projects/1)


## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>
  <ul>
    <li>Ruby</li>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org">Ruby On Rails</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- *access the data using API*

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

 ## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo](https://google.com)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- [Ruby on Rails >=7](https://rubyonrails.org/)
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

Example commands:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:Enning94/Doctors_Appointment_Backend.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd my-project
  bundle install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

Example command:

```sh
  rails server
```



<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Ankit [member 1]**

- GitHub: [@ankitt26](https://github.com/ankitt26)
- Twitter: [@ankit26k](https://twitter.com/ankit26k)
- LinkedIn: [ankit26k](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ankit26k/)

👤 **Ada Rachel [member 2]**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/adarachel)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adarachel/)

👤 **Deborah A. Fashoro [member 3]**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/DebyGrey)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/deborah-fashoro)

👤 **Festus Enning [member 4]**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Enning94)

👤 **Vahe Stepanyan [member 5]**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/VaheStepanyan100)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vahestepanyan/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Create API for Notifications]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, give it a ⭐️!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

-  I would like to thank the Microverse team for the code reviews and the constructive feedback.
-  - I would also like to thank [<a href="https://www.behance.net/muratk">Murat Korkmaz</a>] for the original design on Behance that served as inspiration for this project.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Update README with Kanban Board info

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <h1>📖 Doctors-Appoinment-Backend</h>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 Doctors Appoinment Backend ](#-doctors-appoinment-backend-)
  - [Frontend App ](#frontend-app-)
  - [🚀 Kanban Board ](#-kanban-board-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [🚀 Live Demo ](#-live-demo-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Doctors Appoinment Backend <a name="about-project"></a>

**[Doctors Appoinment Backend]** is a the backend part of a web application project that allows users to book appointments with doctors.

## Frontend App <a name="front-end"></a>
- [Click here to navigate to the Backend](https://github.com/adarachel/doctors-appointment-frontend)

## 🚀 Kanban Board <a name="kanban-board"></a>
- [Kanban Board ](https://github.com/Enning94/Doctors_Appointment_Backend/projects/1)
![Kanban Board Initial Screenshot](<Screenshot 2023-10-01 at 10.10.19.png>)
 
- We are grup of 5 people working on this project. We are using the Kanban board to keep track of our progress. We are using the following columns:
  - Back_End-Team To Do
  - Front_End-Team To Do
  - in Progress
  - in Review
  - Done
  
## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>
  <ul>
    <li>Ruby</li>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org">Ruby On Rails</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- *access the data using API*

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

 ## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo](https://google.com)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- [Ruby on Rails >=7](https://rubyonrails.org/)
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

Example commands:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:Enning94/Doctors_Appointment_Backend.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd my-project
  bundle install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

Example command:

```sh
  rails server
```



<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Ankit [member 1]**

- GitHub: [@ankitt26](https://github.com/ankitt26)
- Twitter: [@ankit26k](https://twitter.com/ankit26k)
- LinkedIn: [ankit26k](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ankit26k/)

👤 **Ada Rachel [member 2]**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/adarachel)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adarachel/)

👤 **Deborah A. Fashoro [member 3]**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/DebyGrey)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/deborah-fashoro)

👤 **Festus Enning [member 4]**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Enning94)

👤 **Vahe Stepanyan [member 5]**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/VaheStepanyan100)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vahestepanyan/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Create API for Notifications]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, give it a ⭐️!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

-  I would like to thank the Microverse team for the code reviews and the constructive feedback.
-  - I would also like to thank [<a href="https://www.behance.net/muratk">Murat Korkmaz</a>] for the original design on Behance that served as inspiration for this project.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
